So we want to add some data manually now, let's see how this works,
so we want to add the full region names to our query right here.
Now the first thing I want to do is I want to create another group because as you can see, we want to
create additional queries so we should make sure to keep the structure in the left column, so I'm
right-clicking right here, pressing the group and let's call that regions-countries, something like
that.
Now we can drag and drop that current query, so that codes-country-region query to that group.
Now that we structured our left column, let's think about the data we need,
we need to create a new table to enter that full region names. To do so,
you can go to the home ribbon, go to enter data like this and create a table and
the problem is we don't know what data we should copy in here, right?
Let's take a look at that in a few seconds and let's only rename that table now, let's call it regions
full names and press enter
and now you see that we have created that new query but we don't have a lot of content in here
at the moment.
Let me drag and drop that query also to the regions-country group to make sure that we keep our structure
and now let's think how we can get some data into that column. To do so,
we have to go back to our codes-country-region query, right here.
Now we have all other regions in that second column right,
the only problem is that we have regions multiple times
but if we simply remove the duplicates with the home ribbons, the remove rows and remove duplicates function,
then we can see a list with all the regions we have. Now
if we now select that column, press control z and import note, undo that removed
duplicate step because that's not what this should look like,
we want to have all the countries and all the regions in here,
so we need to undo that step
but still, we copied that list without duplicates now,
so we can go back to our regions full names query and now select the column and press control v.
Nothing is happening so we cannot change that,
that's sad.
Yes of course we can change that,
the only thing you have to know is that if we create a new table the way we did it, then you can go
to the applied steps column and click onto that little symbol right here.
If you do that, then the table opens and then you're able to edit the table,
so in our case, we simply click onto column one, press control v
and now we pasted the region codes.
If you now press the right arrow key on the keyboard, you can simply add another column and then, well
edit that column by either copying into something else or by manually editing the values that you want
to have in here,
in our case we will add the names manually.
So let's double click that first column and call it region-name and enter,
so this is Asia, Europe,
sorry little typo, Europe, Antartica, Africa, Oceania, North America, South America and other.
Now that we defined that, we can simply press OK
and we see that we created a beautiful new query with exactly the information that we want to have.
Now we have the information in that query
but the problem is that we want to have that region-names in that query actually.
Let's take a look at how we can do that in the next video.